Update: keep documentation up-to-date (#920)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Scenes/Animate images with image overlay/README.md

## How it works

1. Create an `AGSImageOverlay` and add it to the `AGSSceneView`.

> 2. Set up a timer with an initial interval time of 16ms, which will display approximately 60 `AGSImageFrame`s per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up a repeating timer with an initial interval time of 16ms, which will display approximately 60 `AGSImageFrame`s per second.
```

> 3. Create a new image frame every timeout and set it on the image overlay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new image frame when the timer fires and set it on the image overlay.
```
